[Music]
those are my magazines are a lot
negative about how hard is it to make an
ice sculpture how do that look must give
me the name of your wedding planner I
want it for a really tense party Mike
what can I see you from them yeah sure
this was weird okay
what's with the face that Mike's had no
respect I'm not sure about him
like that's not him there is so what
what did you decide I decided to pee
Mike didn't tell you you have to choose
one of us to be in your wedding one of
his groomsmen fell out oh no no I can't
choose between you two I love you both
so much sure it's just not enough to put
us in the original wedding party such
bitterness best to keep that attitude in
the seats
come on seems we both really want to do
this and it's up to you hi about last
night
I know you're under a lot of stress and
well even though the things you said
we're a little hurtful to me you know as
someone who's never been fired before
what about in high school when that
yogurt store let you go for sampling all
the toppings everyone who worked there
did that yeah I did everybody oh three
grand at the end of the summer
hey where's Rach she's in her room why
well I have to talk to her about this
groomsman situation okay I'm not gonna
watch Chandler up there while I'm
sitting the seats like some chump
this wedding isn't about you it's not
then who's it about well it used to be
about me but now I have no idea oh my
god you're breathtaking what do you want
you don't by any chance chosen a
groomsman yet have you Oh Ross come on
please don't make this harder than it
already is I'm not I'm making it easier
pick me Chandler says it's really
important to I'm sorry did you and
Chandler go out do you and Chandler have
a huge history huh do you and Chandler
have to have a child together I said yes
I would totally freak you out with no
listen listen whoever you pick is gonna
walk down the aisle with you now I
promise I won't say a word but if you
pick Chandler he's going to be
whispering stupid jokes in your ear the
whole time
God you are the lesser of two evils yeah
please don't say anything to Chandler
until I talk to him you got it okay
can't believe you played the Emma card
oh please I was prepared to offer you my
body oh my god and I didn't hold out
so normally that would hurt my feelings
but today I'm a girls waiting hello
michael johnson have a word with you
please
gonna step it up there thank you even so
I think I'm gonna pick Ross yeah I
figured you might this is the history
you used to love him you guys have a
baby giggling boo boo boo well thank you
for respecting my decision wait a minute
I know why I'm being such an ass why are
you I'm not supposed to tell you I'm not
supposed to tell you did Rachel say you
could be in the wedding yes she told me
that too I don't believe this I played
Bama card I looked into my soul
Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each
other and I know I speak for everyone
here when I wish them a lifetime of
happiness and may they have many
children who will one day avenge their
family's honor how could I not get that
part stupid Ralph Macchio